Optional Language Detect (#932)
scrapinghub/dateparser: docs/settings.rst

    datetime.datetime(2015, 12, 4, 0, 0)

Default Languages
+++++++++++++++++

``DEFAULT_LANGUAGES``: It is a ``list`` of language codes in ISO 639 which is used as default 

> languages and are to be parsed. eg. "en":

Reviewer: Setting this would essentially disable dateparser language detection if we don't pass any language and don't use custom language detection, right? I think we should clarify this behaviour in some place, because I think it's not obvious.

Author: `DEFAULT_LANGUAGES` is added after this language detection process.

I will add more information about it.

Author: done 👍🏻

> ``DEFAULT_LANGUAGES``: It is a ``list`` of language codes in ISO 639 which is used as default 
> languages to be used for translation and parsing. eg. "en":

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``DEFAULT_LANGUAGES``: It is a ``list`` of language codes in ISO 639 that will be used as default 
languages for parsing when the language detection fails. eg. ["en", "fr"]:
```

> languages for parsing when the language detection fails. eg. ["en", "fr"]:

Author: Even I am not sure I referred to this [article](https://fasttext.cc/blog/2017/10/02/blog-post.html). It mentions ISO is used but I was unable to find more information please suggest.

Note it supports languages with codes like `azb`

@Gallaecio

> languages for parsing when the language detection fails. eg. ["en", "fr"]:

Reviewer 2: This is complex. `arz`, `azb`, etc. are `ISO 639-3` codes. FastText supports `ISO-639-1` and some `ISO 639-3` codes. Dateparser does the same. So I guess you can leave it as `ISO 639` or write:

> "of languages codes in ISO 639-1 / ISO 639-3 that will be used as default"

    >>> from dateparser import parse

>     >>> parse(settings={'DEFAULT_LANGUAGES': ["en", "es"]})

Reviewer: I don't think it's right, shouldn't we also pass the string to be parsed?

Reviewer 2: I also find this example weird, it should have a `date_string`

Author: Thanks, I have made the changes 👍🏻

>     >>> parse(settings={'3 de marzo de 2020','DEFAULT_LANGUAGES': ["es"]})

Reviewer 2: Hi @gavishpoddar, this is wrong it should probably be like this:

```suggestion
    >>> parse('3 de marzo de 2020', settings={'DEFAULT_LANGUAGES': ["es"]})
```

Author: Done 👍🏻

> 

Reviewer 2: (check comment below before addressing this)

> 

Author: Done 👍🏻

> 

Reviewer 2: I won't resolve this until I check how the `DEFAULT_LANGUAGES` is now working.

Optional language detect
++++++++++++++++++++++++

> ``LANGUAGE_DETECTION_CONFIDENCE_THRESHOLD``: defaults to ``0.5``. It is a ``float`` of minimum required confidence for the custom language detection.:

Author: Done 👍🏻

> Optional language detect

Reviewer: Probably a blank line is needed between these two lines. Also the title could be adjusted to "Optional language detection" perhaps?

Author: Updated thanks 👍🏻

    >>> from dateparser import parse

>     >>> parse(settings={'LANGUAGE_DETECTION_CONFIDENCE_THRESHOLD': 0.5})

Reviewer: I think example is not complete:

- we are lacking the string to parse
- setting has no effect without language detection function, right?

Author: Yes, settings have no effect without a language detection function. Should I mention that in docs?

Reviewer: I meant to update this example so that the setting makes a difference. I think we already mention that in the docs.

Reviewer 2: This should be more like:
```suggestion
    >>> parse('3 de marzo de 2020', settings={'LANGUAGE_DETECTION_CONFIDENCE_THRESHOLD': 0.5}, detect_languages_function=detect_languages)
```

Author: Thanks, I have made the changes 👍🏻

    datetime.datetime(2015, 12, 4, 0, 0)

Default Languages
+++++++++++++++++

``DEFAULT_LANGUAGES``: It is a ``list`` of language codes in ISO 639 which is used as default 
languages to be used for translation and parsing. eg. "en":

    >>> from dateparser import parse
    >>> parse('3 de marzo de 2020', settings={'DEFAULT_LANGUAGES': ["es"]})

> .. note:: When using this setting, the languages will be added after the detected languages. It is specially useful when using the `detect_languages_function`.

Author: Done 👍🏻
